#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass book
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package none
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding default
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks false
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder false
\pdf_colorlinks false
\pdf_backref section
\pdf_pdfusetitle false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 2
\use_package amssymb 2
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 2
\use_package mhchem 0
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle plain
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter*
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
addcontentsline{toc}{chapter}{ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I would like to thank to L.A.
 Adamic, N.
 Glance, and Gallup for the use of their images in the spirit of academic
 advancement.
 Without these resources, my points would both less strong and accessible.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This work would not have been possible without the financial support of
 California State University, Los Angeles and their generous academic grants
 and the support of the faculty and staff of the Electrical and Computer
 Engineering Department.
 I am especially indebted to my professors during my time here who have
 been supportive of my career goals and who have worked actively to help
 me to pursue those goals, as well as providing their extensive professional
 and personal guidance.
 I would also like to thank my thesis committee members for their input,
 advice, and interest in this work.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I am grateful to all of those with whom I have had the pleasure to work
 during this and other related projects.
 I would especially like to thank Dr.
\begin_inset space ~
\end_inset

Shaurya Agarwal, the chairman of my committee.
 As my teacher and mentor, he has taught me more than I could ever give
 him credit for here.
 He has shown me, by his example, what a good researcher, engineer (and
 person) should be.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Nobody has been more important to me in the pursuit of this project than
 the members of my family.
 I would like to thank my parents, whose love and guidance are with me in
 whatever I pursue.
 They are the ultimate role models.
 Most importantly, I wish to thank my loving and supportive fiance, Liliane,
 who has provided unending understanding, encouragement, and inspiration.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
