#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass book
\options openany
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package none
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding default
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks false
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder false
\pdf_colorlinks false
\pdf_backref section
\pdf_pdfusetitle false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 2
\use_package amssymb 2
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 0
\use_package mathtools 2
\use_package mhchem 0
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 0
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation 0.5in
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle plain
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Conclusion
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "chap:conclusion"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The overriding purpose of this study was to provide an overview of social
 media information spread theory, modeling, and analysis, as well as provide
 some examples techniques on how to control information spread in various
 scenarios.
 Multiple mathematical models were proposed to better model social media
 information spread compared to the spreading of information through traditional
 channels.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The need and importance of studying information spread over social media
 was established through the use of modern examples, including political
 campaigning and fake news.
 A high level background of information categories was presented, along
 with the important roles played by ignorants, spreaders, and stiflers within
 a population as it experiences new information.
 Popular theories on social networking, particularly with respect to online
 social media groups, were summarized and some of the widely used modern
 online social networks were identified.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The groundwork for the technical and objective study of social networks
 was given, including the classifications of relationship types and the
 qualities that describe them, such as reciprocity, balance, and the presence
 or absence of homophily.
 An overview of the technical aspects of social network structure was exhibited,
 including mathematical formulas and qualitative descriptions and examples.
 These technical concepts included density, strength of ties, centrality,
 distance, cohesion, the adjacency matrix and more.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Several models were expressed, described, and simulated to demonstrate their
 usage in a social media information spread context.
 Deterministic models included various common epidemiology-based information
 spread models involving ignorant, spreader, and recovered classes, particularly
 the popular Maki-Thomson model for rumor spread.
 Due to the growing influence of online social media networks on the spread
 of information, several new models were proposed to account for differences
 between traditional information spread and that of modern digital social
 media.
 Stochastic models were also presented briefly, explaining the need for
 stochastic modeling in real-life information spread systems as well as
 providing some stochastic models based on the previously discussed deterministi
c models.
 Aside from traditional mathematical epidemiology based models, three influentia
l social marketing models were summarized and framed in the context of informati
on spread applications.
 Again, shortcomings with these models when applied to online social media
 information spread prompted the proposal of a new model in order to describe
 online social craze phenomenons.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Two scenarios were created in order to explore the potential of creating
 a social craze using the proposed model and of applying the idea of herd
 immunity toward a potential fake news outbreak.
 For both of these scenarios, dynamics and cost functions were established
 and the Pontryagin minimization principle was applied to achieve optimal
 control actions.
 The scenarios were simulated using MATLAB under a variety of different
 parameters to demonstrate how changes influence the evolution and control
 of the systems.
 Potential real-world examples behind the parameter choices were also discussed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Future work in online social media information spread would include testing
 of the proposed models using data from Google, Twitter, or Facebook to
 track the rise and decay of carefully chosen tag words and images.
 This data can be used to determine general parameters for similar information
 spreading systems to hopefully create practical and usable online information
 spread predictions.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
